hey people and welcome to this new one
video 2014 was so devils and almost
Every company has its own smart watch
it also belongs on the market
asus with her sandwich us
want to take a closer look today
have fun
First, let's say that they are here
the us version also acts when
this only in the net stronger from the EU
variant is different
outwardly this is a real clock
succeeded as what should from afar
Going through here you get closer
zoom in and look at the clock
Often it can already look quite different
different from others, there were only two
remark either very cool or
somehow unnecessarily the bracelet exists
made of Italian leather that good
looks and feels as well as for
my relatively thin wrist fits it
but too small for others
under no circumstance
In addition, the size can be fast
So change the overall bracelet
really succeeded the clock itself
also leaves a noble impression
between two stainless steel layers
a true-to-the-line line
Nonetheless, everything is unremarkable
Combination with the bracelet looks good
the back is from some
information also outlines the
inscription for the ip 55 certification
so 30 minutes in one meter of water depth
the device gets the highlight
but then it is on the front
the 16 3 inch big amoled display that
320 x 320 ps at closer
look at pixel but definitely too
recognize
the perspectives are on good and thereby
that the housing as well as the display
slightly curved, so too arises
noble impression similar to mother
ex- swatch is also a kind
active display can also be the
Activate the clock with one hand movement
and it works in four out of five
make
The smart watch runs under android were
1.0 point 5 a beautiful from namely
mature system comes through the menu
by wiping the round ones own
look nice but do not fit
one hundred percent to the form of the clock
however, the service is pretty
easy and everyone i watch the in
gave the hand came so well
with the 1.2 gigahertz snapdragon 400 and
512 megabytes of RAM is running
but it can also be good
come back
especially the function has me good
just like the hand
to put it on display for a short time
to turn off or to reject calls
another features but also the
Camera remote app with the camera content
is reproduced on the sandwich and
with which you can also shake it or
stairs can trigger a photo
besides, here too one became
Heart rate monitor installed pretty
works well and generally are some
fitness apps available
but the main function of the device is
working together with a smartphone
but this must at least under
android 4.3 overflow the connection
bluetooth also works fast next to the
official android web is also available
the so called same manager for
available with the transmitter even further
can be personalized
especially in the dial area there are
yes, a really big choice who the
pre-installed options are not
sufficient finds in place gate yet
Another big choice with the be
Manager you can also watch the watch
but also search with his devices
administration should lock his phone
not be variable near
to the android website said that it
here are already some of them
but there are also important functions
preinstalled is the main function
but the display of nadi factions one
Function that I learned to love quickly
Just look if you can cellphone for
a web message or a tweet
rausholt or directly by voice command
or suggestions answers at simple
things I have that synonymous with no problems
longer audios result mostly but
but no sense two things are me
also negatively noticed here
audio can not be heard because of it
of the non-integrated speaker but
even if someone sends a picture
is in chat with the concept image
indicated that there is no no-go now though
for future software updates would
I really want that function
So far, I have a lot of praise left
but even this smart watch is not
perfect as already said in
rottweil not yet fully developed
another aspect would be as well
the battery life in the thin
housing is a 360 milliampere battery
the one already blocked by the day
leads with stronger use one comes
but not so far
bad he in no case next to the
software would be synonymous but the only thing
you could also improve a senior
he is then loaded in a charging tray
one of the plastic would be here
also cool
Overall, therefore , the sender has
a really noble but also one
functional smart watch succeeded for
a price of about 200 euro can
you really do not go wrong here
even if I am still with a purchase
would certainly wait there this year
still a lot to happen in this area
becomes
only with the availability exists so far
still problems even if that in the
Next time should lay otherwise
I hope you like that you the video
has feedback in the comments
I want to see you then
at the next make